### Avelumab first-line maintenance (1LM) for advanced urothelial carcinoma
(aUC): Long-term outcomes from JAVELIN Bladder 100 in patients (pts) with low
tumor burden.

get_appDownload Materialskeyboard_arrow_downshareShare

more_vert

* * *

[articleAbstract](/abstracts-
presentations/232037)[filter_noneSlides](/abstracts-
presentations/232037/slides)[notePoster](/abstracts-
presentations/232037/poster)[slideshowVideo](/abstracts-
presentations/232037/video)

* * *

#### Details

  * First Author

[Joaquim Bellmunt ](/abstracts-presentations/search?q=Joaquim%20Bellmunt%20
"Joaquim Bellmunt ")

  * Meeting

[2024 ASCO Annual Meeting](/abstracts-
presentations/search?q=*&filters=%7B%22meetingTypeName%22:%5B%7B%22key%22:%22ASCO%20Annual%20Meeting%22%7D%5D,%22meetingYear%22:%5B%7B%22key%22:%222024%22%7D%5D%7D
"2024 ASCO Annual Meeting")

  * Session Type

[Poster Session](/abstracts-
presentations/search?q=*&filters=%7B%22sessionType%22:%5B%7B%22key%22:%22Poster%20Session%22%7D%5D%7D
"Poster Session")

  * Session Title

[Genitourinary Cancer—Kidney and Bladder](/2024-asco-annual-
meeting/15833?presentation=232037#232037 "Genitourinary Cancer—Kidney and
Bladder")

  * Track

[Genitourinary Cancer—Kidney and Bladder](/abstracts-
presentations/search?q=*&filters=%7B%22track%22:%5B%7B%22key%22:%22Genitourinary%20Cancer%E2%80%94Kidney%20and%20Bladder%22%7D%5D%7D
"Genitourinary Cancer—Kidney and Bladder")

  * Sub Track

[Urothelial Cancer - Advanced/Metastatic Disease](/abstracts-
presentations/search?q=*&filters=%7B%22track%22:%5B%7B%22key%22:%22Urothelial%20Cancer%20-%20Advanced%2FMetastatic%20Disease%22%7D%5D%7D
"Urothelial Cancer - Advanced/Metastatic Disease")

  * Clinical Trial Registration Number

NCT02603432

  * Citation

J Clin Oncol 42, 2024 (suppl 16; abstr 4566)

  * DOI

[10.1200/JCO.2024.42.16_suppl.4566](https://doi.org/10.1200/JCO.2024.42.16_suppl.4566
"10.1200/JCO.2024.42.16_suppl.4566")

  * Abstract #

4566

  * Poster Bd #

261

#### Authors

person

##### Joaquim Bellmunt

Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center; Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA

info_outline

Joaquim Bellmunt , Thomas Powles , Se Hoon Park , Eric Voog , Begoña Pérez
Valderrama , Howard Gurney , Anders Ullén , Yohann Loriot , Srikala S. Sridhar
, Norihiko Tsuchiya , Cora N. Sternberg , Jeanny B. Aragon-Ching , Daniel P.
Petrylak , Miguel A. Climent Duran , Karin Tyroller , Jason Hoffman , Natalia
Jacob , Petros Grivas , Shilpa Gupta

###### Organizations

Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center; Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA,
Barts Cancer Institute, Experimental Cancer Medicine Centre, Queen Mary
University of London, St Bartholomew’s Hospital, London, United Kingdom,
Samsung Medical Center, Sungkyunkwan University School of Medicine, Seoul,
South Korea, Clinique Victor Hugo, Centre Jean Bernard, Le Mans, France,
Hospital Universitario Virgen del Rocío, Seville, Spain, Department of
Clinical Medicine, Macquarie University, Westmead, Australia, Karolinska
University Hospital, Solna, Sweden, Gustave Roussy, INSERMU981, Université
Paris-Saclay, Villejuif, France, Princess Margaret Cancer Centre, University
Health Network, Toronto, ON, Canada, Yamagata University Faculty of Medicine,
Yamagata, Japan, Englander Institute for Precision Medicine, Meyer Cancer
Center, New York, NY, Inova Schar Cancer Institute, Fairfax, VA, Yale Cancer
Center, New Haven, CT, Instituto Valenciano de Oncología, Valencia, Spain, EMD
Serono, Billerica, MA, The Healthcare Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt,
Germany, University of Washington, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center, Seattle, WA,
Taussig Cancer Institute, Cleveland Clinic, Cleveland, OH

[Abstract Disclosures](https://coi.asco.org/Report/ViewAbstractCOI?id=443218)

#### Research Funding

Pfizer

the healthcare business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany (CrossRef Funder ID:
10.13039/100009945)

**Background:** In the JAVELIN Bladder 100 phase 3 trial, avelumab 1LM + best
supportive care (BSC) significantly prolonged overall survival (OS) and
progression-free survival (PFS) vs BSC alone in pts with aUC that had not
progressed with 1L platinum-based chemotherapy (PBC). Results led to the
incorporation of avelumab 1LM into international guidelines. Prior analyses
have shown that low tumor burden (eg, nonvisceral metastases or lymph node
[LN]-only disease) is associated with better outcomes in pts with aUC
receiving immune checkpoint inhibitors. We report post hoc analyses of
efficacy and safety in subsets of pts with low tumor burden from JAVELIN
Bladder 100. **Methods:** Eligible pts with unresectable locally advanced (LA)
or metastatic UC without progression after 1L PBC were randomized 1:1 to
receive avelumab + BSC (n=350) or BSC alone (n=350). The primary endpoint was
OS measured from randomization; secondary endpoints included PFS and safety.
In this post hoc analysis, pts with nonvisceral metastases included those with
LA disease or only nonvisceral disease, including bone metastasis, at
randomization. **Results:** In the avelumab + BSC and BSC alone arms, 159 and
159 pts had nonvisceral metastases and 51 and 51 pts had LN-only disease, of
whom 42 and 35 pts had LN-only disease in the pelvic/retroperitoneal area. At
the efficacy data cutoff (June 4, 2021), median follow-up was ≥38 mo in both
arms (≥2 y in all pts). In all subgroups, OS and PFS were prolonged with
avelumab + BSC vs BSC alone (Table). Incidence of treatment-related adverse
events (TRAEs) with avelumab were similar across subgroups. In the avelumab +
BSC and BSC alone arms, subsequent anticancer drug treatment was received by
90 (56.6%) vs 119 pts (74.8%) with nonvisceral metastases, 27 (52.9%) vs 39
pts (76.5%) with LN-only disease, and 22 (52.4%) vs 27 pts (77.1%) with
pelvic/retroperitoneal LN-only disease. **Conclusions:** Exploratory analyses
suggest that avelumab 1LM has pronounced efficacy and manageable toxicity in
pts with aUC who have low tumor burden, supporting its use as a standard of
care in this setting. Clinical trial information: NCT02603432.

| Nonvisceral Metastases| LN-Only Disease| Pelvic/Retroperitoneal LN-Only
Disease  
---|---|---|---  
| **Avelumab + BSC (n=159)**| **BSC (n=159)**| **Avelumab + BSC (n=51)**|
**BSC (n=51)**| **Avelumab + BSC (n=42)**| **BSC (n=35)**  
Median OS,* mo (95% CI)| 31.4  
(26.1-36.8)| 17.1  
(13.7-21.3)| 31.9  
(26.1-44.5)| 22.7  
(16.5-NE)| 31.2  
(23.8-44.5)| 20.2  
(13.7-NE)  
Stratified HR for OS (95% CI)| 0.60 (0.45-0.79)| 0.86 (0.51-1.47)| 0.72
(0.39-1.31)  
Median PFS by investigator,* mo (95% CI)| 9.0  
(5.7-12.6)| 3.3  
(2.0-3.7)| 8.7  
(5.4-24.7)| 3.7  
(2.0-6.0)| 7.5  
(4.2-12.0)| 3.7  
(1.9-5.7)  
Stratified HR for PFS (95% CI)| 0.45 (0.35-0.59)| 0.51 (0.31-0.84)| 0.44
(0.24-0.79)  
TRAEs, n (%)†  
Any grade  
Grade ≥3|  
122 (77.2)  
30 (19.0)|  
2 (1.3)  
0|  
44 (88.0)  
8 (16.0)|  
0  
0|  
36 (87.8)  
6 (14.6)|  
0  
0  
  
NE, not estimable. *Measured from randomization. †Treated pts; data cutoff:
April 6, 2023.

This material on this page is ©2024 American Society of Clinical Oncology, all
rights reserved. Licensing available upon request. For more information,
please contact [licensing@asco.org](mailto:licensing@asco.org)

Recommended For You

To view items recommended for you, please sign in to your ASCO.org account. [
Sign Inchevron_right](/abstracts-presentations/232037?signin=true "Sign In")

Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application.

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=26243915&Ver=2&mid=2d72f55c-0b33-4e7e-8bad-0fa6c4001c41&sid=46615920729411efa66eb38c794cc3d8&vid=466174f0729411ef878b239c3038f5ad&vids=1&msclkid=N&uach=pv%3D15.0.0&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=1280&sh=720&sc=24&nwd=1&tl=Program%20Guide%20%E2%80%93%20ASCO%20Meeting%20Program%20Guide&p=https%3A%2F%2Fmeetings.asco.org%2Fabstracts-
presentations%2F232037&r=&lt=952&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&cdb=AQET&rn=338557)

![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=319e9253-e910-4df7-9da7-9bc28b9c3ee2&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=b53b81dc-8844-4730-a9fe-a2807e054728&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fmeetings.asco.org%2Fabstracts-
presentations%2F232037&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o2443&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=319e9253-e910-4df7-9da7-9bc28b9c3ee2&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=b53b81dc-8844-4730-a9fe-a2807e054728&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fmeetings.asco.org%2Fabstracts-
presentations%2F232037&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o2443&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

This site uses tracking technologies through the use of permanent cookies and
web beacons/pixel tags. By default, cookies are set to “Allow all cookies.” If
you continue to use this site, then you acknowledge our use of cookies. For
additional information, including on how to change your cookie settings,
please visit “Cookies Settings” and review our [Privacy
Policy](https://www.asco.org/about-asco/legal/privacy-policy) and [Terms of
Use](https://www.asco.org/about-asco/legal/terms-use).

Settings Accept

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/7ea9dcea-
ef81-499f-bc70-c826f03d632a/ecc647af-b789-47a8-b151-d2b6678a7389/9072f1de-4de5-47fa-9d59-1e7af6c13d72/ASC_Logo_RGB.png)

## Your Privacy

ASCO is committed to transparency regarding our websites and the ways we
process data. When you visit our site, we may store or retrieve information on
your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about
you, your preferences, your location, or your device and is mostly used to
make the site work as you expect it to and to personalize your web experience
with us.  
  
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some or
all types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out
more about the types of cookies used on our websites and change your default
settings to match your preferences. Please read these carefully. Blocking some
types of cookies may impact your experience on the site, including our ability
to personalize the content you receive from us.  
  
For a full explanation of the personal and non-personal information we collect
on our site, including how we use that information and your rights regarding
that information, please review our [Privacy
Policy](https://www.asco.org/about-asco/legal/privacy-policy). Use of our
website is also subject to our [Terms of Use](https://www.asco.org/about-
asco/legal/terms-use).

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Essential Website Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and are sometimes
referred to as “strictly necessary” cookies. They make sure the website
delivers you information and services in an optimal way.

They are often set in response to an action you take, such as changing your
cookie preferences, setting your privacy preferences, logging in to our
website, asking the site to remember you on subsequent pages, or filling in
forms. These cookies do not identify you personally.

You can set your browser to block or alert you about all cookies, including
essential website cookies, but some parts of the site will not work as a
result.

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance and Functionality Cookies

Performance and Functionality Cookies

These cookies enhance the performance and functionality of our websites and
the services we provide. For example, these cookies can keep track of your
visitor session in between visits, enable you to share content through social
media, use embedded media players, and use comment features. They also help us
balance website load and improve site speed and performance.

All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
These cookies may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we
have added to our websites. These cookies are non-essential, but without these
cookies, certain functionality or enhanced features may become unavailable.

Cookies Details‎

#### Personalization and Analytics Cookies

Personalization and Analytics Cookies

These cookies collect information that is used to help us understand how our
websites and content are used, help us customize our websites and application
for you in order to enhance your experience, and help us improve the content
that ASCO creates to better meet our members’ and visitors’ needs. Examples
include cookies that show us which content might be most popular with our
visitors, understand browsing history of our users, understand the
effectiveness of our own advertising, and enable us to recommend content to
individual users based on their profile and activities on the website.

These cookies may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we
have added to our websites.

These cookies are non-essential to the functionality of the site and may
contain information that enables us or our third party providers to identify
you and build a profile of your interests. Without these cookies, you will not
be able to have a customized or personalized experience within our website.

Cookies Details‎

#### Advertising Cookies and Social Media Cookies

Advertising Cookies and Social Media Cookies

Advertising (or Targeting) cookies are third party cookies that may be set
through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those
companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant ads on
other sites.

Social Media Cookies are cookies set by a range of social media services that
we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends
and networks. They are capable of tracking your activities across other sites
and building a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and
messages you see on other websites you visit.

These cookies and the data collected by the third parties may be combined with
data from other users or data about your activity on other sites. While the
data collected on our site is aggregate or non-personal, the data may be used
by such third parties to link you on other platforms or otherwise identify
you.

If you do not allow these cookies, you may experience less targeted
advertising.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

  * ### 

####

View Cookies

    * Name

cookie name

Save Settings

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

